JET User Interface Components
    JET provides a variety of user interface (UI) components that you can configure for use in your app.
    JET Cookbook includes an example of each component for working with collections, controls, 
    forms, visualizations, and other features.
    JET currently has two sets of UI components.
    The first set with components that use the oj- namespace are packaged in @oracle/oraclejet.
    The newer Core Pack components, use the oj-c- namespace and are packaged in @oracle/oraclejet-core-pack.

Work with Collections
    Use JET data collection components to display data in tables, data grids, list views, or trees.
    JET data collection components include oj-table, oj-data-grid, oj-tree, and oj-list-view, 
    and you can use them to display records of data. oj-table and oj-data-grid both display 
    data in rows and columns.

DataProvider Filter Operators
    The DataProvider interface is used to get runtime data for JET components that display list of items.
    DataProvider implementations use filter operators for filtering.

Work with Controls
    JET includes buttons, menus, and container elements to control user actions or display progress 
    against a task.

    you can use the oj-button element as a standalone element or include in oj-buttonset , 
    oj-menu, and oj-toolbar container elements.

Work with Forms
    JET includes classes to create responsive form layouts and components that you can add to your
     form to manage labels, form validation and messaging, input, and selection.  

Work with Layout and Navigation
    Use JET oj-accordian, oj-collapsible, oj-dialog, oj-drawer-*, oj-flex*, oj-masonry-layout, 
    oj-navigation-list, oj-panel, oj-popup, oj-size*, and oj-tab-bar components and patterns to control 
    the initial data display and allow the user to access additional content by expanding sections, 
    selecting tabs, or displaying dialogs and popups.

Work with Visualizations
    JET visualization components include charts, gauges, and other components that you can use and 
    customize to present flat or hierarchical data in a graphical display for data analysis.    

    

        

    

