what is oracle jet?
	Oracle jet is  used to develop client side applications. 
 	Its a collection of open source javascript libraries.
 	Oracle jet worked on Preact(Virtual DOM) or knockout(MVVM) based Architecture.
 --
What is Virtual DOM Architecture?
	The new Virtual DOM used for building web components and complete web 
	applications
--
Installation
	First install node js v18.20.4
	E:\work\nodejs\nodejs18.20.4
  	Install the Oracle JET tooling
    >npm -g i @oracle/ojet-cli
How to Create JET App?
	>npx @oracle/ojet-cli create app-name --template=basic --vdom
How to run the JET APP?
	>cd app-name
	>npx ojet serve
--
What is Virtual DOM architecture?	
    virtual representation of a DOM is kept in memory and 
	synchronized with the live DOM by javascript library.
	--
	Preact is the javascript library that oracle Jet uses to update changes in 
	virtual DOM to live DOM.
	React is the one of javascript library to popularize the use of virtual DOM 
	architecture.
--
What Can You Do with the Oracle JET Virtual DOM Architecture?
	Once Oracle JET tooling creates the virtual DOM app for you, you can start 
	to develop the functionality of the app.
	To do this, you write TypeScript and JavaScript-XML (JSX). 
Prerequisite Knowledge:
	To develop virtual DOM apps and components you need to understand following 
	topics.
	Preact: 
		understand how preact and by extension react works.
	TypeScript and jsx: 
		you write all virtual DOM apps and web components using 
		typescript and jsx.
What is the difference between VDOM and MVVM?
	VDOM architecture uses jsx to implement binding and conditional behavior.
	MVVM architecture implements in the view(html) layer.
FAQs
	What is difference between web apps and web components?
	What is the difference between VDOM and MVVM architectures?
2 Understand the Web App Workflow:

  About the Virtual DOM App Layout
	Oracle JET Tooling creates an app for you with the necessary source files and directory structure
	
	
	node_modules: 
		Contains the Node.js modules used by the tooling.
	Scripts: 
		Contains template hook scripts that you can modify to define new build and serve steps for your application.
	src: 
		Site root for your application. Contains the application files that you can modify as needed for your own application.
	.gitignore: 
		Defines rules for application folders to ignore when using a GIT repository to check in application source
	oraclejetconfig.json: 
		Contains the default source and staging file paths that you can modify if you need to change your application's file structure
	package.json: 
		Defines npm dependencies and project metadata.
	
 Oracle JET virtual DOM architecture uses modules to organize VComponents
    Each custom element-based VComponent requires an accompanying loader.ts module file. 
	Oracle JET Tooling includes this file as Oracle Visual Builder, 
    the Oracle Component Exchange, and the Oracle JET Tooling itself require it.
	
	
	
 About the Binding Provider for Virtual DOM Apps:
  Oracle JET's default binding provider is Knockout.
  The binding provider that you use affects how Oracle JET custom elements render.
  data-oj-binding-provider="knockout"
  
  When Oracle JET custom elements are used in a Preact environment (virtual DOM app), 
   you must use the preact binding provider (data-oj-binding-provider="preact").
   
  Update the entry in the appRootDir/src/index.html file of your virtual DOM app

 Note:The index.html file that the Oracle JET Tooling generates  no active binding provider.
 
 
  
  
	
 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	